08-Debugging: All Build Types w/ Env (#15)
hsf-training/hsf-training-cmake-webpage: _episodes/08-debugging.md

Note that CMake defaults to an "empty" build type, which is neither optimized nor debug. You can
[fix this manually](https://cliutils.gitlab.io/modern-cmake/chapters/features.html), or always
specify a build type.

> Adopting a convention from Linux, all build types append compiler flags from the environment variables [`CFLAGS`][], [`CXXFLAGS`][], [`CUDAFLAGS`][], [`FCFLAGS`][] and [`LDFLAGS`][]. This feature is often used by package management software, in conjunction with the already mentioned [`CC`][], [`CXX`][], [`CUDACXX`][], [`FC`][] and [`CUDAHOSTCXX`][] environment variables. Otherwise, you can set the release and debug flags separately.

Reviewer: I think you mean `FFLAGS`, and do we need to list all the different languages here? There's also C#, Swift and Objective C. Maybe a link to https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-env-variables.7.html#id4 would be better, along with just C, CXX, and CUDA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adopting a convention from Linux, all build types append compiler flags from the environment variables [`CFLAGS`][], [`CXXFLAGS`][], [`CUDAFLAGS`][], and [`LDFLAGS`][] ([full list](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-env-variables.7.html#id4)). This feature is often used by package management software, in conjunction with the already mentioned [`CC`][], [`CXX`][], [`CUDACXX`][], and [`CUDAHOSTCXX`][] environment variables. Otherwise, you can set the release and debug flags separately.
```

Author: Thanks, looks good!
